The National Aeronautics and Space Administration collected this data.                                                                   
The agency claims this dataset is intended for public access and use.                                                            
The data was collected on October 8, 2014 and updated on July 8, 2015.                                                     
The time span the data covers includes an excessive amount from certain days and months in 1996, a random date in 2000, a few other dates in 2005, and a handful from 2010, 2011, 2012, 2013 and 2014.                                                     
There are 439 records in the dataset.                                                 
A single record in the data represents an agency, the center of that agency’s activity, the search status of that center, the specific facility occupied, the date at which the facility was originally occupied, the status of the agency at the facility, an allegedly functional url link to the site that may explain the project of a particular agency at a particular facility, the first date at which the record was taken and the last at which it was updated, the address, city, state, zip code and country of the center location at which the agency was as well as the contact, mail stop, and phone number of the recorded center's point of care.
The first column has the data of the names of government agencies. It contains character string data that has no numeric data that can produce maximum, minimum, or average values.
As far as I can tell, no codes were used.
The second column has the data of the center at which the agency performed their research.
It contains character string data that has no numeric data that can produce maximum, minimum, or average values. As far as I can tell, no codes were used.
The third column has the data of the Center Search Status. It contains character strings that have no numeric data that can produce maximum, minimum, or average values. As far as I can tell, no codes were used.
The fourth column has the data of the names of the facilities used. It contains character strings that have no numeric data that can produce maximum, minimum, or average values. As far as I can tell, no codes were used.
The fifth column has the data of the first year the facility was occupied by an agency. It contains dates based on years. Its maximum value is 2012 and its minimum value is 1940. The average is 1966. As far as I can tell, no codes were used.
The sixth column has the data of the status of an agency’s activity in a facility. It contains character string data that has no numeric data that can produce maximum, minimum, or average values. As far as I can tell, no codes were used.
The seventh column has the URL links that explain each recorded research project. It contains character string data that has no numeric data that can produce maximum, minimum, or average values. As far as I can tell, no codes were used.
The data in this column is the dates the record was made. It contains the date––day, month, and year––that marks when each record was made. The maximum value is 10/29/14, the minimum value is 3/1/96, and the average value is 1/1/00. As far as I can tell, no codes were used.
The data in this column is the dates the record was updated. It contains the date––day, month, and year––that marks when each record was updated. The maximum value is 12/19/14, the minimum value is 1/5/12, and the average value is 8/24/13. As far as I can tell, no codes were used.
The data in this column is the addresses of the recorded research centers. It contains numbers and character strings. The appearance of numbers does not make the data numeric because some addresses have no numbers, so there is no maximum, minimum, or average. As far as I can tell, no codes were used.
The data in this column includes the cities of the recorded research centers. It contains character string data that has no numeric data that can produce maximum, minimum, or average values. As far as I can tell, no codes were used.
The data in this column includes the states of the recorded research centers. It contains character string data that has no numeric data that can produce maximum, minimum, or average values. As far as I can tell, no codes were used.
The data in this column includes the zip code of the recorded research center. It contains integers. The maximum value is 99352, the minimum value is 20546, and the average value is 47045. As far as I can tell, no codes were used.
The data in this column includes the country of the recorded research centers. It contains character string data that has no numeric data that can produce maximum, minimum, or average values. As far as I can tell, no codes were used.
The data in this column includes the contacts of the recorded research center’s point of care. It contains character string data that has no numeric data that can produce maximum, minimum, or average values. As far as I can tell, no codes were used.
The data in this column includes the mail stops of the recorded research center’s point of care. The data contains integers and character strings. The appearance of numbers does not make the data numeric because some mail stops have no numbers, so there is no maximum, minimum, or average. As far as I can tell, no codes were used.
The data in this column includes the phone numbers of the recorded research center’s point of care. The data contains integers. The data has numbers in it, but no maximum, minimum, or average could be obtained. As far as I can tell, no codes were used.
The elements of “bad data” I see in this dataset are missing values in the status column, the URL link column, and the phone numbers of the recorded research center’s point of care column. In addition, a zero replaces a missing value in the phone numbers of the recorded research center’s point of care column. The dates in the recorded and updated columns seem like suspicious values because they did not follow a regular pattern. Some appeared in excessive amounts, while others appeared only several times.